Hey ad, it's me again. Welcome to my
mountain house. [music] Come on in.
[music]
We are in the living room now. I worked
with Heidi Kier on this house and I feel
like one of the first things I said to
her was I really wanted like grandma
chic. I wanted the kind of explosion of
patterns and fabrics and textures. We
made this couch to be extremely big and
extremely comfy cozy. I sit tested it
and made sure it was perfect. We picked
this like chintz fabric. I thought it
was really bold and beautiful. I have
always kind of had this dream and vision
of like a very just exotic kind of crazy
couch that becomes the statement in the
room and this one turned out perfectly.
A lot of the books in the house I've
like personally gone out to buy. I love
finding antique shops around town and
finding cute little random things that I
grab and everything kind of has a story.
So, most of the books on this table have
been found locally. I worked very
closely with Heidi. Heidi probably
thinks I'm so annoying because I
[laughter] feel like I micromanage
everything, especially my homes. But we
had so much fun. And this house was
really, I'd say, like semi-experimental
for me. I wanted to kind of send it. But
we're up in the mountains. I felt like
there were no rules when designing. And
I really wanted to kind of test my
limits and see how far we could take it
while still feeling like me. It felt
really fun, really refreshing, and just
a little bit different for me. And I I
had the best time doing it. This is the
most communal room in the house. We have
the kitchen right here. There's the
piano here. A lot of friends have ended
up on this piano. And we watch movies
out here. Actually, the other night I
filled the couch for the first time from
one end to the other. It was filled with
people. There were some people on the
floor and that made me really happy. I
think one of the most special things
about groundup builds is you're working
on the house for so long and you you're
envisioning like moments with friends
and you're envisioning what kind of
nights and laughs and talks are you
going to get into. And so, it's been
really cool for me to have people over
and fill the space in the ways that I
had dreamt and imagined for so long. So,
yeah, it's been awesome.
>> [music]
>> A friend of mine called me one day and
was like, "I found something really,
really cool that I think you might
like." And he had found this Gibson
piano online. I immediately had to pick
it up. There were only 20 made from what
I believe. This one is signed by Les
Paul. It is such a cool little rare
find. Thank you to my friend. You know
who you are. And I just felt like it fit
so perfectly in this house. Red is one
of my favorite colors. Regrettably, I
don't play, but um I would love to
learn, and I think this would be the
perfect place to start. Um but my
friends, you know, have been in here
many a times and gotten active on this
thing, so it gets some good use. I found
this harmonica in town. There's two of
them, the big one and the little one.
The same friend who found me this piano,
he was with me in town at an antique
shop, and we just thought they were so
cute, so they came home with me. [music]
>> [music]
>> This is the kitchen. We wanted a really
open space, hence it's kind of connected
to the family room. When building the
house and kind of figuring out how we
were going to get the most light, this
skylight came up and I thought, how
perfect in a place that snows, the trees
come through really beautifully. And I
think it creates such nice light in
here. So, that was a really genius idea
on the architect and designer's part.
For a while, we were playing with so
many ideas. Is it a color? Is it yellow?
In the end, I kind of sat with it and I
was like, there's so much going on in
the house that I want it to feel a
little bit more neutral. So, we used the
floors and the range and the details
like the little curtains at the bottom
of the sink and all those things as the
pops of color. And I'm really happy with
how it turned out. I think I definitely
built this house more for my friends
than I did for myself. Every time I come
here, there's a million invites out for
any one of my friends and all of them
are pretty much down to come. and um
it's just really good vibes. So, I
wanted to create a really fun, peaceful
place and this has become that. My mom
was looking at a house and begged me to
come see it with her. And when we walked
in, we saw a fireplace in a kitchen and
we just thought it was so cute. And to
go along with the cozy vibes being up in
the mountains and it getting pretty cold
here half the year, I thought the more
fireplaces the better. When I got this
little asparagus guy in town, I kind of
like shopping locally here just cuz it
feels fun to tell a story. It's also
just something fun to do in a sleepy
little mountain town. My Campbell mugs
were a gift from [snorts] I call her
like my second mom so long ago and they
sat in my house in LA for forever. I
hope she doesn't watch this and I didn't
really use them, but I like them. So
anyways, when I was thinking what could
I bring over here to the mountains, they
they made it. Now they get all the use.
So it was just a matter of time. [music]
This is the dining room. I knew I wanted
a big table because it is really pretty
much the only communal place for
everyone to sit and eat. We came up with
this kind of big bette idea and I love
the oversizeness of it. And so this room
gets a lot of action now. We started
this puzzle here. Um I'm ashamed to
admit like three trips ago. It is the
hardest puzzle [laughter] I've ever done
in my life. It is laughing at me. It's
mocking me. It's [laughter] ashamed of
me. Like, it's so hard. I've had maybe
eight different minds on this puzzle and
this is as far as we've come in three
different trips, just so everybody's
aware. But I'm finishing it. I'm
committed to finishing this puzzle. So,
but we've done dinners here and you
know, I do therapy here. I think one of
the biggest things in this room was I
wanted it to feel a bit like a sun room
and that's what it turned into. The
light trickles in so nicely and we have
some aspen trees outside that kind of
flicker the light in and it's a really
pretty room.
I think you guys know what this is. The
most important room in the house, the
bar.
When thinking about this house and how
casual it is up here in the mountains, I
thought, what kind of art am I going to
put in this house? and I came across one
of the biggest western auctions. I had
the best time bidding online and finding
a couple pieces for the house. It was so
addicting, so much fun. It was just a
joy to find and feel like I was putting
intention into the house.
[music]
The powder room was really important to
me. It's the only one in the house, and
so I wanted to feel really charming and
cute. I had seen inspiration um from
Green River Project and they had the
cutest little bathroom. It was just all
wood with a colored toilet and a sink. I
kind of wanted to recreate that here. I
just think it feels really fun. I love
this bathroom. It's a special little
place.
[music]
I love waking up here. Although I feel
it's a very mature room, it also feels
like a little girl's room in a way. And
so I kind of feel like my childlike self
in this room. So I love waking up here.
I remember being a little intimidated by
the wallpaper before we put it onto the
walls and thinking, "Oh no, did we make
a crazy mistake. It came together so
well and I'm so happy we went for it. I
wanted it to feel like you want to read
a million books in here." And I think we
achieved that. I love my ceilings in
here. We did reclaimed beams with
reclaimed paneling. I think it just
turned out so well. It really warms up
the room really nicely. Obviously, we
have the fireplace which also feels
really cozy and again read all the books
in here. Just imagine book room. [music]
I
love this bathroom. This burgundy color
is like one of my favorite colors in the
world. But this bathroom has been super
fun. Between the vated ceilings and just
all the windows and how big it is, it's
such a nice room to hang out in. And my
shower might be my favorite thing in
this entire house. [music] It's perfect.
It's literally perfect. So, we took
inspiration off of the floors in the
kitchen and kind of pulled it into this
bathroom. Just like the peace, the
quiet, the serenity. Like, it's just
fun. It's a fun shower. And I recommend
highly to do a checkered shower in your
house. [music]
This is a adult bunk bedroom, I like to
call it. We had kind of this idea of
doing each bunk in a different fabric
and making it its own little world. I
imagine my nieces and nephews being in
here, probably my future kids being in
here. But I've had friends stay in this
room and the beds are the perfect size
for an adult as well as a kid. It makes
me happy. The custom red ladder. I think
the red the red was my my choice. I
wanted a pop in here and I think I was
begging for red at some point in the
house and kept getting shut down and
finally I got it. So, I was really happy
with this red ladder. But, you know,
pray for anyone that stays on the second
story and has to pee in the middle of
the night because it's [laughter] kind
of sketchy.
[music] I adore this bathroom. It feels
kind of 70s inspired to me. I really
love this wood bead board and then the
the mix of the green with the brown.
This tile again was super fun to source
and I loved working with this color. I
remember mentioning to Heidi that I
wanted fun little random moments in the
house, things that were offcentered,
maybe not super perfect. So that's where
this came about. I remember watching it
get put in and forgetting we'd made this
decision. And when the house was like
wood, I was like, "What is happening in
this shower?" and then remembered that
we chose to do this. Coming up with the
pallets was also so fun in this house.
Like looking at the tile next to the
wood next to the sconce. Like it was all
so fun to to see it all together and
then again have it kind of come to life
was a fingers crossed moment. But it all
ended up working out perfectly. [music]
We are in one of the guest rooms. This
is a prime example of one of the rooms
that I felt a little daring in. I'm
obsessed with this iron red bed. And
then the polka dots on the walls again
was something that felt really
intimidating for me on paper. And once
they went in, I think they work
perfectly. I might sleep in here one
night cuz I just love it so much.
[music]
[music] Bathrooms are the highlight of
this house most likely. I said this in
my bathroom, but I believe this in this
bathroom. It might be my favorite
bathroom in the house. I love the color
palette in here. I love this deep green
on the walls mixed with the blue tile.
And then there's little pops like little
bits of red and these lamp shades. And I
think this bathroom turned out so
beautifully. The entire room is a bit
whimsical and I think this bathroom also
feels a bit whimsical. I think the theme
of the house is color. On the outside,
the house feels really simple and really
clean and then you kind of come in and
it feels really exciting.
>> [music]
>> A few years ago, I got this Bambi
Airstream as a gift for my birthday.
It's one of my favorite gifts I've ever
gotten. When I got this house years
later, I thought, how perfect would it
be to bring this to the house and gut it
and renovate it and have a little fun
doing that. So, come on in and see.
So, I wanted this to act a bit as a
third guest room. We took the kitchen
out and took all the things that we felt
were unnecessary just for this project.
Fixed it into the ground. Did real
plumbing, real electricity, real AC,
heating, and then added this cute little
shower bath moment. So, I think it's
really fun. Again, another room I might
sleep in one of these days. I think it's
so cozy. All the colors in here are just
actually perfect. And the lace little
drapes and the bod pillowcases. It's
very, very fun.
>> [music]
>> Thanks for coming and visiting me all
the way up in [music] the mountains. I'm
sure I'll see you guys soon.